This folder contains the production Tanachs. There are 10 or 17 
of them depending on what you count. The production Tanachs are 
the ones used to produce the numerically validated Tanach.

The first character of each file name is a digit between 0 and 9.
This digit is the number of the Tanach.

The second character of each file name is a digit between 1 and 
2. If the digit is 1, then the Tanach contains only ketiv 
readings. If the digit is 2, then the Tanach contains only qere
readings. Not all Tanachs have qere readings.

66Tanach is special. It is a deliberately corrupted Tanach. 
Every word in this Tanach contains a random letter in the 
first, third, and last positions. After the random letters are 
added, all spaces are removed from between the words, and then 
the resulting string is divided into words of random lengths.
In other words, this Tanach is not a Tanach at all. It is
deliberately corrupted. This corrupted Tanach is used to test 
the scoring program. If the scoring program ever selects the 
66Tanach as the winning Tanach, something is seriously wrong 
with the scoring algorithm.

For that matter the scoring program should not be selecting any
sections of Tanachs that contain qere readings either. 

Regardless of whether or not the original text of the Tanach 
can be ascertained by numerical means, the Tanachs in this 
folder are valuable in their own right. They've been 
transliterated and proofed, and they can be used in any type 
of research one may desire.




