2013/06/20

Status Of The Project:

As of this date the status is nothing to brag about. The programs are
all written and tested. And an analysis of the entire Tanach can be
completed in as little as 33 minutes. However, the scoring algorithm
is defective. It sometimes selects sections of the Tanach that are
known to be in error. (Sections from 66Tanach)

The Scoring Algorithm:

Two programs need to be rewritten: "PaninScoresBySection" and
"PaninScoresSummary". The Panin algorithm will probably have to be
abandoned in favor of something else. At this point I don't know
what that will be.

Of course it's always possible that there is simply an error in
"PaninScoresBySection". If this turns out to be the case, and the
error can be corrected, that would be wonderful.

It's also possible that the problem is exacerbated by a poor choice
of pericope boundaries. If the scoring algorithm can be corrected,
the pericope boundaries can be determined by trial and error.

Search For Phrases:

The "SearchForPhrases" program has never worked to my satisfaction.
I had hoped that I could use the results from this program to select
between Tanachs with tied scores. The results seemed promising at
first, but soon became disappointing. There may be something that
can be done for this program as well.

The Good News:

The project is not a total loss. The world now has a number of 
different machine readable Tanachs that can be used for whatever
research a person may wish to conduct.

Conclusion:

This is the Lord's project, and only He can make it succeed. 
I will continue to study the problems, and if possible move the
project into Phase 3 with new scoring techniques. I'm going to
need some fresh inspiration from the Lord.
