This is an "extra credit" exercise. You may enjoy playing with it, or you
may just want to skip this one.

Since it's an extra credit exercise, I won't be giving you a step by step
guide for completing the project. In fact this project does not even have
a clear cut goal. So let me explain.

The text to be transliterated is the Steve Gross text. It's in the public
domain so I've included the text here. If you like, you can download your
own copy from:

http://www.shamash.org/tanach/tanach/text/transliterated.tanach/

I've included Steve's explanation of his Tanach. It's in 00Readme.gross. You 
can open it with Notepad or any other text editor.

My work with the Steve Gross text was done very early in the history of The
Tanach Project. At that point I had no clearly defined goals. So I was just
playing with the Steve Gross text. I transliterated it into the scheme used
by one of my Bible codes programs because I hadn't yet developed my own 
transliteration scheme. The scheme I finally settled on is very similar to
Steve's and CCAT's. My main criteria for selecting the transliteration
scheme was readability.

So here's what I did to the best of my recollection. First go to the folder
Processed/ForBibleCodesSoftware. In this folder there are several Icon
programs. I think I ran StripCharsComp05.icn first. It looks like this one 
converted all the Hebrew final forms to non final forms. The next program is 
FileConvert01_SteveGross.icn. It looks like this one did the 
transliteration. Finally I would have run CombineBooks01.icn. You know all
about combining books, but be careful. There's a different version of this
program for every Tanach!

The transliteration scheme for the Bible codes software is found in 
Alphabets.txt. 

There's another folder named ForPreferredTransliteration. This one contains
one Icon program named ReformatPref01.icn. It looks like this one converts
the text to my preferred transliteration scheme.

So there you have it. Have fun!
